---
title: 23-01-31
date: 2023-01-31 18:30:16
categories: ['diary']
draft: true
tags: ['英语日记']
---

## January 31, 2023

I read The Big Book of Science Fiction, which contains 100 short science fiction stories by 100 famous 20th century authors.

Probably because some stories were written a long time ago, they seem old-fashioned.

Maybe having some translation problems they seem more confused.

Fortunately I still pick up some favorite stories. The following stories are ranked by my favorite level.

    but I still found some favorites. Here are two of my top picks, ranked by my level of preference:

#### Rachel in Love

Rachel was a girl who died by accident, her father use technology to relive her from a little orangutan. The story begins with her father dying of a heart attack and then Rachel be caught to an animal health center as experiment animal. I love this story because It is end remain me fell encouraged. This end is "Then she takes Johnson by the hand and starts down the hill. Rachel is going home."

    Rachel was a girl who died in an accident.
    Her father used technology to bring her back to life using a baby orangutan.
    The story starts with her father's death from a heart attack and Rachel being taken to an animal testing center.
    I love this story because it ends with hope: "Then she takes Johnson by the hand and starts down the hill. Rachel is going home."

#### Crying in the Rain

In the feature human are genetically infected by the polluted rain. The average person will not live past 30 years old, only rich living in the central area have a long life expectancy.

    In the future, humans are genetically infected by polluted rain.
    The average life expectancy is only 30 years,
    but the wealthy living in central areas live much longer.
