---
title: '23-01-30'
date: 2023-01-30 13:20:59
categories: ['diary']
tags: ['英语日记']
draft: true
---

## January 30, 2023

Today I watched the movie The Legend of 1900.

    Today, I watched the movie The Legend of 1900.

The movie begin is about a man sitting on the steps and then a voice sounded that is the man's inner monologue.

    The movie begins with a man sitting on the steps and then a voice sounds, which is the man's inner monologue.

The man said: I still ask myself if I did the right thing when I abandoned this floating city. And I don't mean only for the work. Fact is, a friend, a real friend you won't meet one again.

     The man says: "I still ask myself if I did the right thing when I abandoned this floating city.
     And I don't mean only for the work.
     The fact is, a friend, a real friend, you won't meet again."

Long ago I had such good friend, she was my best friend when I was a child. Her house was next to mine.

     Long ago, I had a good friend who was my best friend when I was a child. Her house was next to mine.

We spend a lot of time together, And I love her grandmother cooking.

     We spent a lot of time together, and I loved her grandmother's cooking.

But when we become middle school students, We go to different school.

     But when we became middle school students, we went to different schools.

And then we stepped on different paths.

She graduated from junior high school and went to work, while I continued my studies until I graduated from college.

I heard that she was pregnant during my first year of work. She became a housewife When I was working.

      I heard that she was pregnant during my first year of work. She became a housewife while I was working.

We have lost most common topics, life had put us in completely different environment.

       We lost most of our common topics, and life put us in completely different environments.

I still miss her not only because she was always there for me when I was lonely, but because she was a real friend I won't meet one again.

       I still miss her, not only because she was always there for me when I was lonely,
       but also because she was a real friend that I won't meet again.

Like 1900 chose to stay on the cruise ship, the trumpeter chose to board the land.

But the trumpeter always remembers the story of 1900.

I still remember her.
