---
title: 23-02-03
date: 2023-02-03 20:46:30
draft: true
tags: ['英语日记']
---

## February 3, 2023

Today, I wake up in the 5Am then I can't asleep.

     Today, I woke up at 5AM, but I couldn't fall asleep.

I began search "should I euthanize my cat?".

    I started searching "should I euthanize my cat?"

I have two cats, I buy the older cat in the pet shop before two years, he's name WangZi meaning meat balls.

    I have two cats. I bought the older cat from a pet shop two years ago, his name is Wangzi, which means "meatballs."

The reason I bought it was that I had just lost a cat which dead by my careless.

    The reason I bought him was because I had just lost a cat who died due to my carelessness.

I was so sad, I really need a new cat to replace the first.

    I was so sad, I really needed a new cat to replace the first.

But Wangzi too young when I take him to go home, he just two months olds, so he absent a lesson on cat socialization, which is crucial for kittens.

    But Wangzi was too young when I took him home, he was only two months old, so he missed out on the important lesson of cat socialization, which is crucial for kittens.

The consequence was that he didn't take care himself power when he played with me.

    The result was that he didn't know how to control him power when playing with me."

I like him most of the time, but everything changed when I brought home a stray cat.

The stray cat is very friendly and has a better temperament than WangZi

The scale began to tip in my mind.

Especially when my boyfriend revealed that he really hated WangZi.

The conflict between my boyfriend and Wangzi has escalated.
